Previously,
on "Ray Donovan"...
I've got you.
You okay?
Two...
Three!
You brought
him there yourself,
but in the end, you said
he walked in on his own, right?
Yeah.
You okay?
I don't think
I wanna be married.
Did you get anywhere
with Kevin Sullivan?
The fuck...
You need to honor the deal.
A Taurus .9 millimeter.
Yep.
We've worked with quite a few
people with your condition.
They come to us
when the western meds
aren't doing it
for them anymore.
Here to see
Michael Donovan
Bus hasn't
gotten here yet.
Oh, God!
*RAY DONOVAN*
Season 07  Episode 02
Episode Title :"A Good Man is Hard to Fin"
When I was around
ten years old my, uh,
mother was diagnosed
with ovarian cancer.
Uh‐huh.
Terry and I went out
lookin' for Mick,
you know, tell him
what the doctor said.
You went looking for him?
He wasn't there with you?
Yeah,
that point he was
already shackin' up
with Claudette on East Eighth,
hustlin' cocaine.
Who was looking
after your mother?
Me.
My sister, Bridge.
Mostly me.
You were ten.
What was that like for you?
I remember wakin' up
one night, hearin' her...
screamin' my name.
I go down to her room.
At this point, the pain
is tearin' her apart.
She takes my hand, tells me
to get in bed with her.
So I do.
I wrap my arms
around her.
I remember feeling
her leg against my leg.
All of a sudden I...
I felt something warm and...
wet.
She pissed the bed.
So I went down to the kitchen
to get a towel,
you know, something
to clean her up with...
And there he is.
I ain't seen him
in over a month and...
he's standin' on a chair
with his hand
in Mom's coffee can.
Probably about,
I don't know, $500 in there.
Puts the money in his pocket,
pats me on the head
and walks out the door.
♪ My heart is sad
and I'm all alone ♪
♪ My man treats me mean ♪
♪ I regret the day ♪
♪ That I was born ♪
♪ And that man I ever seen ♪
♪ My happiness
it lasts a day ♪
♪ My heart ♪
♪ Is broke
that's why I say ♪
♪ Lord a good man ♪
♪ Is hard to find ♪
♪ You always get ♪
♪ Another kind ♪
♪ Just when you think ♪
♪ That he's your pal ♪
♪ You look and find him
foolin' 'round ♪
♪ Some old gal ♪
♪ Then you rave ♪
♪ You all crave ♪
♪ You wanna see ♪
♪ Him in his grave ♪
♪ So if your man is nice ♪
♪ Take my advice ♪
♪ Hug him in the morning ♪
♪ Kiss him at night ♪
♪ Give him plenty lovin' ♪
♪ Treat your good man right ♪
♪ Oh a good man ♪
♪ Nowadays
sure is hard to find ♪
‐ Michael Donovan?
‐ Yeah.
Sign at the bottom.
Have a good one.
Hey, Kevin Sullivan
needs more time.
You okay?
How much cash
can you pull together?
How soon?
Today.
Hundred grand.
Who's it for?
Mac's widow.
Ah, let me have a look.
What are you doin' here?
Can I come in?
The police been by here?
Couple of hours ago.
What'd ya tell 'em?
That Mac had nothin'
to do with it.
‐ He didn't kill anybody, Ray.
‐ I didn't say that.
Then what the fuck
are you doin' here?
You lost Mac's pension,
right?
I can help with that.
Mac wanted to make sure you
and Jimmy were provided for,
got a fresh start.
You offering me money, Ray?
Someone's gotta
take the rap.
How much we talkin'?
Whatever his pension
woulda been.
I'm gonna need Mac's gun,
his clothes, and...
whatever else they gave you
from the morgue that night.
His stuff's upstairs.
‐ Ray!
‐ Hey, kid.
‐ How's school?
‐ It sucks.
Yeah?
Sorry about that.
I asked my mom
if I can go back
and take some more boxing
lessons, but she said no.
Jimmy, go upstairs
and do your homework.
Bye, Ray.
See ya.
I'll get ya the money
later today.
Aiding and abetting
escape from lawful custody.
Second degree murder.
Twenty years, Walpole.
Armed robbery.
A pot store.
Michael Donovan
wins again, baby.
Where we at?
Still looking at Ray Donovan.
‐ Any movement?
‐ Talked to McGrath's wife.
She seems nervous.
Talked to Clancy's family,
Radulovic's family.
Bianchi's girlfriend.
They're playing it
close to the vest.
Following up on
Donovan's whereabouts,
seeing what kinda alibi
he's got.
‐ You wanna bring him in?
‐ Soon.
Need a couple of pieces
or another head to come up.
Little less eating,
more detecting, gentlemen.
So...
no casket?
We got nothin' to bury.
Yeah, he, uh,
got burnt up in the fire.
An urn?
We got nothin'
to put in an urn.
A memorial.
‐ A what?
‐ A memorial.
What's a memorial?
Let me show you.
Our Eternal Flames
are popular.
They come in four styles...
Infinity, New Dawn,
Dimensions, and Earth & Sky.
I‐I don't fuckin' know.
Bunch, what do you think?
I dunno.
It's fuckin' ridiculous.
We got nothin' to bury.
I like this Eternal Flame.
But I also like... the urn.
We should get both.
Yeah.
Oh, you do good work.
That looks nice.
You got a photo for it?
A‐A photo?
Of the deceased.
To put on the urn.
Uh, y... uh, yeah.
‐ Hey, Mom.
‐ Hey, Daryll.
How you doing?
Uh, you know, uh...
hey, listen, Ma.
Do you, um,
have a picture of Dad?
I'm hoping, like,
you have like something
when he was, like, young.
‐ Like on the paper.
‐ Honey, I threw
all that shit out
when Alan and I moved on
to Southridge Drive.
Why do you want that?
I need a picture
for his urn.
Mickey died, Ma.
Will you, um, come out, Ma?
Will you do it for me?
I'm askin' for me, Ma.
I was supposed
to go see him
the day he got transferred.
I got the second shift.
My dad died of a heart
attack two years ago.
Knocked me on my ass.
Just...
weird,
you know?
I mean,
ever since I was a kid,
he was there.
Even when he wasn't.
I'm sorry.
Open the goddamn safe!
I‐I don't got
the combination.
- The fuck you don't!
- I don't!
‐ I don't... no combination!
‐ Look, I don't have time.
‐ Give it to me!
‐ It's on a timer!
I don't got the combination!
Open the cash drawer,
then... do what I tell you.
- Put everything in a bag.
- Come on, get moving.
Everyone's wallets
and cell phones... now!
Do what he says!
You...
Open the other register.
Come on, bitch,
I don't got all day!
‐ Hey!
‐ What the fuck?
Get down.
No.
Get on the floor,
or I'll put a bullet
in your fucking head!
Yeah?
Go ahead.
‐ Gimme the gun.
‐ No.
Give me
the fucking gun!
Put your fucking guns down now.
Fuck you, man!
Fuck you.
Put your guns down
and get the fuck outta here.
You don't
know me, all right?
Yeah?
You don't fuckin' know me.
Let's get outta here, man!
Fuck that, man.
‐ Fuck that!
‐ Man, fuck this, man!
Jesus!
Put the fucking gun down.
‐ Okay, okay, okay.
Don't shoot me, man,
please.
It's down, it's down,
it's down, okay?
You're fucking crazy, man.
Shit!
‐ Who is it?
‐ Terry, it's me, Daryll.
It's open.
Hey.
You holdin' up?
Why wouldn't I be
holdin' up?
‐ You didn't talk to Ray?
‐ About what?
Gimme a beer, will ya?
That's weird, 'cause...
I figured Ray woulda
called you first.
I lost my phone.
Terry, Mickey's dead.
He's what?
He was killed in a...
a bus accident last night
goin' upstate.
Me and, um...
Bunch were at the, uh,
funeral home this morning.
Bunchy wants to get
everyone together tonight,
and, you know,
I figured I'd come by,
see if you had any photos
of Pop for the Eternal Flame.
Uh, he's... he's dead?
Yeah.
Last night?
Yeah, I don't
believe it either.
It's just crazy.
Here, gimme your phone.
T, do you got any, uh,
photos of Dad anywhere
around here?
Uh...
Yeah, try the...
try the box on the shelf.
Hey, Daryll.
No, it... it's Terry.
I‐I just heard about Mick.
Are ya all right?
Yeah.
You?
Yeah, but Bunchy says
he wants
to get everyone together
tonight.
All right.
Your place?
Sure.
Ray...
I, uh...
I had a vision.
Last night,
before I heard.
I swear to God,
I, uh, I had a vision
that Mick was dead.
I‐I saw... I saw him.
I'll see ya tonight.
Breaking news now
of a robbery
at a downtown pharmacy
where three armed men
held employees and customers
at gunpoint.
They were foiled by one
heroic pharmacy worker...
Gimme a bottle
of that Remison.
...disarming the thugs.
I don't know
about that, I mean,
I didn't really
think about it.
Did what anyone
would've done
to protect innocent people
from being robbed, you know?
Uh, 'cause that's what
a person does
in a situation like that.
Guy's a regular
Bernhard fuckin' Goetz.
...one of the assailants
was wounded in the melee.
He is a minor,
now in critical condition.
- Yeah?
- Is this Ray Donovan?
Who's this?
Kevin Sullivan.
I'm sure you would agree
that things have gotten
out of hand.
Please be here within the hour.
I'll have my secretary
text you the address.
Terry, is this
all you got?
‐ What?
‐ Yeah, I mean, of Mickey.
Well, what's wrong
with that one?
What's wrong
was I ain't in it.
Well, I don't... I don't
got no photographs
after my mother died
and he shacked up with yours.
Okay, what's that
supposed to mean?
Well, if you and your mom
want a shot from
"Diff'rent Strokes,"
you shoulda taken it
your fuckin' self.
Wow.
I'll see you tonight.
The Renegade
Craft Fair on November seventh.
Documentary Film Festival.
Ice skating in Bryant Park.
Yo, Ray made dinner
the other night.
We were all there.
- He what?
- Yeah, tilapia.
We could say that we were
all having like a dinner!
Uh, I mean, you could,
but then it's just family
vouching for family,
and that never holds up.
We could say
we were with you.
Wait... November seventh,
Jonathan Walker Hanson
played Madison Square Garden.
‐ That's it.
‐
♪ I see
your eyes on me girl ♪
♪ You're thinking maybe
we could hit it ♪
♪ But nah, not tonight girl ♪
♪ I gotta admit it ♪
♪ I just came to ♪
♪ Dance, dance,
fuck romance ♪
♪ Just dance, dance ♪
No.
Hey.
Listen, we oughta
do it in three/four.
Like a waltz?
Okay, fine.
What about five/eight?
What about four fucking four,
man, you know,
so people can dance, dance?
‐ Hi.
‐ Hey.
I didn't know
you were coming in today.
Uh, you know Lena.
Oh, from yesterday.
Yeah, cool.
Can I talk to you
about something?
‐ Yeah.
‐ In private.
- Hey, give us a minute.
- Fuck!
You guys, uh,
give me the room?
So my dad needs a favor.
What?
Four tickets stubs
from the November seven show
at Madison Square Garden.
Four backstage passes too.
Why?
Just four tickets
from a show.
In a row.
You know, normally when
people ask me for tickets,
it's for shows that'll happen
in the future.
But for you,
I will make an exception.
Thank you.
We need them right away.
Well, they are
comin' right up.
- You wanna listen to it?
- Yeah.
Comin' back at ya
in four/four.
♪ I see your eyes
on me girl ♪
♪ You're thinkin' maybe
we could hit it ♪
♪ But nah, not tonight, girl ♪
♪ I gotta admit it ♪
♪ I just came to ♪
The night those cops died,
you were at
the Jonathan Walker Hanson
concert
with Bridget, Smitty,
and Daryll.
- All right, Ray?
- Sure.
- Gotta go.
- ‐
‐ Hey.
‐ Hi.
So what's up
with your boss?
What are you talking about?
What?
Nothing.
Just promise me
you're not gonna get pregnant.
I'm serious.
Seriously,
not with Smitty,
and definitely
not with that guy.
Jesus.
I care about you.
What's goin' on?
I'm gonna go back to I. A.
When?
‐ Tomorrow.
‐ How long?
For good.
For good?
You're quitting?
I can't be alone anymore,
Bridge.
But I still love you.
You ever need anything,
call me, all right?
Hello.
You don't remember me,
do you?
Ray Donovan.
Need any more snapshots
for your photo album?
Mind if I keep my clothes on
this time?
I assume you figured out
who my father is now.
Your boss threatened me
with going to the D. A.,
trumping up charges
of child endangerment,
sexual abuse of a minor.
‐ Did you know that?
‐ Feratti's not my boss.
You must agree that's insane.
There's $1.5 million in there.
What for?
The pictures.
Just honor the deal.
If Feratti
goes ahead with this,
if he puts that picture
in the paper, there is no deal.
He knows it, I know it,
and you know it.
So... instead of
talking about
what won't happen,
let's talk about
what can happen.
I guess we got nothin'
to talk about.
Can you understand
what this will do to my life?
My kids?
Can you understand that?
I can't negotiate
for the mayor.
Of course you can't.
'Cause you're
a fuckin' monkey.
Messenger boy.
You're a pissant goon
working for a bullshit mayor.
You tell him three of
my lawyers used to be D. A. s,
and they will tear this apart,
and then they will
come after you!
You wanna tell me
what happened?
Why'd you start
drinking again?
I dunno.
Is this the first time
since you stopped?
Yeah.
How do you feel
about that?
What?
That you went back
to drinking.
Who fucking cares?
My father died last night.
Jeez, I'm sorry, Ray.
What for?
You must have some feelings
about your father dying.
Ray, it's all right
to express your feelings.
To process them with me.
To feel some sadness.
I don't know what
the fuck you're talkin' about.
I think you do.
Maybe this shit works
for some people,
but not me...
you know?
Maybe some people just are
who they fuckin' are, you know?
They don't change.
Are you talking
about your father or you?
I gotta go.
The hour's not over.
Yeah, it is.
Hey, Stu.
He's not exactly taking
to the talking cure, Ray.
He's threatening
to break her leg, Ray,
fucking Nancy Kerrigan style.
And when that happens,
I'm fucked.
You're fucked.
We're all fucked, Ray.
- I'll talk to him.
- Talk to him?
I don't need you
to talk to him, Ray.
I need you to break
his kneecaps!
I need you to send a message
that he's not going to ever
fucking go near her again!
You have a minute?
Ever, at all.
That's what I need, Ray...
Can you tell me
where you were
on the night
of November seventh?
November seventh?
Know what day of the week
that was?
Saturday.
Ah, Satur...
I‐I took my, uh,
daughter and her husband
to a concert.
Jonathan Walker Hanson.
Jonathan Walker Hanson?
Yeah, my daughter's
a big fan.
You got proof
you were there?
I'm sure she's got some stubs
in a scrapbook or something.
‐ I'd like to see them.
‐ Sure.
I'll ask her.
Your son‐in‐law's name?
Jakob Smith.
Thank you,
Mr. Donovan.
Did you tell her
about the concert?
How'd it go
with Kevin Sullivan?
He's trying to buy time.
All right.
This is for Amber.
I need you to go
to Staten Island,
West Shore Motel, see if
they have security cameras.
Have you been drinking?
Yeah.
Do you need a hand?
Yeah, a‐actually, yeah.
- Could you hold this for me, please?
- Yeah, sure.
Wow.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, it's my...
my dad.
He died yesterday.
‐ So very sorry.
‐ It's okay.
I'm Daryll.
Jasmine.
Nice to meet you.
I, uh...
I dropped my mail by you...
I remember.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Well, look, let me know
if there's anything
that you need, okay?
I'm right down here in 2A.
‐ 2A, huh?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Yeah.
Hey, kid.
Your mom home?
Mom!
‐ Mom, Ray's here.
‐
Brady, you gotta go.
- Mom!
- It's okay.
Jimmy, wash your hands.
We should talk about
what you're gonna say.
Mac was in
over his head.
Rad was stealing guns
from evidence and selling 'em.
Started lifting drugs, too.
Mac drew the line.
Say it back.
Mac and Rad were selling
guns outta evidence.
Uh...
Rad started stealing drugs.
Mac wouldn't go along.
After Rad threatened
you and Jimmy,
Mac finally decided
to do something about it.
You never saw him again.
Jimmy, your sandwich is ready!
Okay.
This is for you.
Don't put that there.
You all right?
You know, your dad...
he was a good guy.
He loved you.
He told me that,
you know?
All right.
Just wanted you to know.
What the fuck...
Shit.
God damn it.
This fuckin' shit!
- Yeah.
- The guy is
following her now
to her apartment building!
‐ What?
‐ You took the job,
and I fuckin' paid you!
Just do the fuckin' job
I fuckin' paid you to do!
Fuck off, Stu.
Hi.
My toilet's busted, room two...
‐ What?
‐ My toilet's overflowing.
Oh, shit.
Listen, I'll just
give you a different room.
Uh, well, look,
I‐I'm just above you,
and I don't wanna tell you
how to do your job,
but it's gonna flood out
the whole place.
Thank you.
Yeah.
They found Big Al.
Someone dismembered
the body
and threw his head
into Long Island Sound.
What kinda maniac
does that, do you think?
I'm on it.
What about Sullivan, Ray?
If I hold
a news conference,
it's not gonna be
about Big Al.
It's gonna be
about breaking ground
on the new children's hospital,
right?
Yeah.
Listen, man,
I don't want any...
‐ Where is she?
‐ What the fuck?
Stop it, stop it!
What the fuck
are you doing?
What did Stu tell you?
He's not the problem.
Stu is.
Yeah.
The tapes are scrubbed.
Okay.
Yeah?
You need to make the call now.
Amber?
I can't make him into
a murderer.
I can't.
My kid's already
got it bad enough.
I can't make it fuckin' worse.
All right.
Come get your money.
Keep it.
He loved
my little Maria.
Yeah.
He loved her so fuckin' much.
Yeah, he was a shit father
but...
he was a good grandpa.
Dad.
‐ W‐where you been?
‐ Huh?
You missed Bridget singin'.
Sorry, sweetheart.
Yeah, Ray, we're just
toastin' Mickey.
Good.
Dad, what are you doing?
Pourin' a drink, sweetheart.
What are you doin'?
We're telling stories
about Grandpa.
Yeah?
I got one of those.
Hey, Terry,
you remember that time
Mom pissed the bed
when I was sleepin' with her?
Dad.
No, it's a good one,
sweetheart.
Don't think I ever
told you this before.
I was about ten years old.
Your grandma was in
so much fuckin' pain
that she pissed the bed
while I was in it.
Ray, come on.
So I go down to the kitchen,
you know, to get a towel.
Guess who I see with his hand
in Mom's fuckin' cookie jar?
Tricky Mickey.
Mom's upstairs dyin' of cancer,
Mick comes over and steals
her life savings.
We're trying to tell her
happy stories, Ray.
Yeah?
How's that goin' for ya?
There was that time
he got outta Walpole
and shot that fuckin' priest.
- Wrong priest.
- Least he got one.
I thought Ray shot the priest.
Uh, different priest.
I'm the only one
who didn't shoot a priest.
You better get
yourself a fuckin' priest, Ter.
Oh, my God.
Ah... how 'bout...
how 'bout the time Mick
and Einstein over here
go out in that boat trying to...
trying to dump those body parts
but don't even bother
to check the fuckin' tides?
Ohh...
Fuckin' fluke, fisherman starts
hooking heads, and, uh...
and the cops are asking
questions, so...
That's the problem with...
stories with Mick,
there's not
a lotta happy endings.
Unless, of course,
he's gettin' one.
To our father...
Michael Donovan.
May he rest in fuckin' peace.
Slainte.
‐ Slainte.
Ray‐Ray.
♪ Twangy notes ♪
Sync corrections by srjanapala
♪ Hello, Mr. No one ♪
♪ Let's all
appreciate me ♪
♪ I'm so sorry
that I had to go ♪
♪ Mr. No one ♪
♪ Oh, Mr. No one ♪
♪ Good day, sir ♪
♪ Hello, Mr. No one ♪
♪ Oh oh, you're creepin' in ♪
♪ Each and every day ♪
♪ I'm so sorry
that I had to go ♪
♪ Mr. No one,
oh, Mr. No one ♪
♪ Oh, Mr.
Mr. No one ♪